	I am Dinsdale, number 26. I work at the high-end rescue guild at Treasure City,
at the turning of the forever paralysis of time. This is what being Dinsdale means to me.
				
				
					* * * * *


	We were riding the local pelicab: cheap as stones and only angered my co-worker
more. "Why did he of all people take my job letter? At least that one had a modest price
on it, unlike all the other low-paying jobs," Muttski loudly questioned to me and rather
more fitting, himself. "And what of this terrible service that we agreed to use? Why did
you let me agree to this, Dinsdale?" I was now on the verge of blurting out what I thought,
but that would breaken my abstraction, and I could no longer fit in. "Whatever. There was
nothing else, as all the other services were reserved." The Pelliper named James, number
31, did not look back at our on-goings and kept flying. I pulled out my Loudible 3120T
Portable Tape Player and listened to Kelpy G's "Jam out, Real Jazz" newly released album
while Muttski went on, which embarassed me. On and on about his missing job oppurtunity
which he was mainly hyperfixated on, and about how he couldn't manage to get a reservation
at the Latios High Line for 20:30. 
	"What about your girlfriend, Elysh, Dinsdale?" He confused my girlfriend, Sally,
with another Charmander, Elysh, which makes sense as she has a boyfriend with another
worker at the guild and has the same makeover, and even works at the same place, although
my girlfriend has a slightly better and more expensive apartment. "Oh, she's okay, but you
know women, always being uncooperative and overall bitches. But she does treat me like any
good women would." Muttski let out a small laugh and seemed to have a deeper understanding
despite his probable selfy interest that his fisad deflects, just like all of the other
workers here at Treasure City, Street 24 NW. Muttski casually looked about while riding and
counting all the people that needed help, which in this city were considered Third Worlders,
as they should be, considering any reasonable person who takes in the full power of anime
and is smart with it can end up here at this guild, even. They rather seem self-asorbed within
their own struggles to actually help themselves. "Jesus, man. How many Pokemon has that
been...? Shoot, 31? How can a Squirtle like you handle living here, Dinsdale?" "Why did you...
I'm a Bulbasaur, Muttski." What a fool he is, to mistake me for a Squirtle, that pathetic
starter no one picks, because obviously, my Pokemon species is far more suporior than that of
a Squirtle and Charmander.
	We have finally arrived at his place, although unbearably, and we debated who should
pay . . . granted, none of us wanted to as the service was sub-par. However, I decided
to pay up anyway, with a little extra out of sheer laziness and frustration, but James took it
graciously regardless. Soon then after, Muttski's girlfriend, Effluvium, came out happily, as
to why, seemed a bit strange to us both as Muttski and myself exchanged glances. "Muttski,
Muttski!..." She ran up to Muttski, yet a look shone in her eyes that told of instant regret.
"Muttski, I'm gay..." "Oh, you're happy, are you," Muttski pondered most exquisetly, although
my jealously certainly peaked during so. After all, I was better than him, I had the more
expensive job list. He couldn't compare. "Muttski, I-..." "It's all right, honey, now make us
dinner like the good girl that you are." "I-..." "Don't make me say it again." She then went
off and did as she was told.
	"Can't believe the nerve of her." I nodded along to make him believe that I cared
about his conversation, but I couldn't care less. "She's a tough one, I'll give her that."
"Heard that right." "No reservations for Spindia?" "Couldn't get one." There was one thing
about having homemade dinner here: it was close to my apartment, so that was a reason not to
get mad. "What is she going to make," I pondered. "Apples." I was now on the verge of tears.
"Oh, it'll get better. We have leftovers from Spindia, good desert." "What of it?" "Well,
it's cheesecake, lattered in a professional consummate-branded butterscotch, with Round
Chunhard's cream cheese." "That'll suffice. I never tried any of her cooking. Will she
poison me with Dasano or Aquafino?" "I know you don't like those waters, so I bought you
Fija's mineral water sourced from the Hidden Highlands." I was more satisfied than I was
before, but I certainly would have had a rough night if I wasn't assured of such.
